Language gives 1 billion
Princess
Oh, even if you are a nonsense
We have to button our head a little too
A billion, you say?
Then this poor boy
I'm not talking nonsense.
Yu Yang has already credited the dowry to my father's account
Yes sir
This kid did transfer me 1 billion bride price
But you are in a hurry
I'll refund the money right away.
A billion aunts
It works for me
That's a billion.
Put away the books
In addition, I have specially prepared something else
Xie Jiacai
Yunye Villa
That's him!
Limited edition number
I'll give you a luxury car.
And the most precious
The price is immeasurable
Blue Phantom
Isn't this the scrap of the Deep Sea Star?
Ah this
I heard some time ago
This peerless jewelry
Was bought at the auction
It was bought by the current family
Oh, that's right.
I made a special trip to Mr. Wu to pay the bill
Thank you.
You're quite welcome.
So thoughtful
A bit smaller than some
There are too many little yakuza who don't know what to do
It's about to be concerned about sending a piece of leftover material.